hey guys today I'm going to show you how
you can get the mac intro it's the Tudor
the first poodle of your mac that says
welcome in different languages and if
you know it's pretty neat because you
can also use that in your other in
videos let's see you want to make an
intro you can use it for that or a
wallpaper for your desktop oh if I'm
going to make a video how to do that too
okay so basically you want finder then
you on macintosh HD for the system then
library then core services go down until
you see setup assistant then right click
show package contents and click on
content then resources then you need to
find um trans transition section bundle
right click show package contents then
click contents then click resources
there it is as you see it has most sound
it's over here also it's with it
so you can just drive attached to your
desktop and move it around so basically
that's pretty neat if you want it the
intro there you go so this is a quick
video I'm going to make another video
after this of how to put that as your
wallpaper now I'm put the link in the
description of that one to go watch all
right now right now very helpful very
good comment like this video if this was
really helpful and subscribe all right